PRO
Grow your Instagram account and gain more exposure to your audience!



Please note that this gig does not include creating and posting content. If you want me to create content for you, please check out my other gig or send me a message.



IMPORTANT NOTES:

Your account must be at least 1 month old with more than 15 posts.
You need to be logged in to your account.
This gig can be extended to run for more than 1 month; simply pick the subscription option for 3 or 6 months with a 15% discount.


WHAT DO YOU GET FOR $140?

4 Weeks Growth
Increase Your Target Audience
Increase Your Engagement and Follower Growth
Reporting and Analytics of Your Growth


WHAT WILL I DO?

Organic Interactions with Your Target Audience


WHAT DO I NEED FROM YOU?

Username
Password
Targeting information (Competitors, Location, Hashtags)


WHY IS MY SERVICE BETTER THAN OTHERS?

I was one of the first sellers to provide Instagram marketing service here on Fiverr, and 6 years later, I helped over 11,000 customers succeed with their Instagram journey, starting from personal accounts and finishing with Fortune 500 companies.



BY PURCHASING THIS SERVICE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TOS BELO



TOP RATED 

Grow your Instagram account and gain more exposure to your audience!



Please note that this gig does not include creating and posting content. If you want me to create content for you, please check out my other gig or send me a message.



IMPORTANT NOTES:

Your account must be at least 1 month old with more than 15 posts.
You need to be logged in to your account.
This gig can be extended to run for more than 1 month; simply pick the subscription option for 3 or 6 months with a 15% discount.


WHAT DO YOU GET FOR $140?

4 Weeks Growth
Increase Your Target Audience
Increase Your Engagement and Follower Growth
Reporting and Analytics of Your Growth


WHAT WILL I DO?

Organic Interactions with Your Target Audience


WHAT DO I NEED FROM YOU?

Username
Password
Targeting information (Competitors, Location, Hashtags)


WHY IS MY SERVICE BETTER THAN OTHERS?

I was one of the first sellers to provide Instagram marketing service here on Fiverr, and 6 years later, I helped over 11,000 customers succeed with their Instagram journey, starting from personal accounts and finishing with Fortune 500 companies.



BY PURCHASING THIS SERVICE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TOS BELOW




LEVEL 2
Hi, I'm Petar and I'm an expert in Instagram content creation. I've been doing this for over 4 years and have successfully completed more than 90 projects.



I offer creation of branded posts with original designs for your account that will stand out and represent your unique style. I will do research on your niche, your competitors, and your profile, to make the most relevant and engaging Instagram post designs for you.



As part of my service I also write the text that goes on the posts, so you don't have to worry about a thing!



In my Gig packages I offer:

10, 20 or 30 Instagram posts depending on which package you will choose
including engaging caption for every post and 10 targeted hashtags to drive traffic to your profile.


Please note:

Management and posting are not included.
If you need complete Instagram management, ask for a custom offer.


I am at your service, so don't hesitate to place an order NOW


LEVEL 1

About this gig
If you are looking for someone to help with your engagement and leave genuine comments to gain genuine connections on your target audience, then you are in the perfect place.



Even though you have the perfect content but if you are not reaching out to your audience, then no one will see it. Me and my team are experts in targeting and finding your correct target audience.  



Our gig is 100% manual to provide you 100% ORGANIC and GENUINE growth.







Our strategies:



Engage genuinely on the current/potential followers by using geolocation, hashtag, competitors, and specific audience).
Comment and like their post genuinely to build a connection (genuine comments, not just emojis).
Reply comments on your posts.
Can post stories or contents (you provide).
Daily Monitoring of your account.
Fw/Uw method
Hashtag research


Benefits of using my service:



Increase your engagement 
Increase followers
Increase traffic on your Instagram account.
New profile visits to your page.
Make a genuine relationship with your current and future followers
Brand awareness and visibility
Potential sales






ME AND MY TEAM CAN ACCEPT ANY NICHE.



Please message me if you have any questions.



NEW SELLER
Imagine sitting back and watching your IG growing exponentially while you enjoy your freedom of time.



Hey! I'm Eshaal, Instagram marketing manager and content creator helping online businesses to reach more audience and get more engagement eventually resulting in more potential customers.



How can I help you?



⭐Account Audit

⭐IG Strategy

⭐Building brand identity

⭐Content Creation

⭐Platform Management

⭐Optimal Scheduling



What will you get?



⭐Exclusive post designs maintaining your page theme and aesthetics 

⭐Creative Instagram captions

⭐Researched hashtags

⭐Competitor Research

⭐Niche Research



Why Choose me?



⭐Consistent communication

⭐Time management

⭐Adaptability

⭐Aware of social media algorithms



Investing in your Instagram growth will pay off in the long run, and I am here to help you achieve your marketing goals. Let's work together to create an Instagram account that stands out and attracts your target audience.



Expert social media manager and strategist is only one step away from you. Contact me now and let's get started!

